Cresencia Village aspires to establish a nutritionally improved barangay with healthy and well-nourished people. To obtain the goal of nourishment, the barangay aims to promote health related programs providing citizens' different kinds of needs. These programs aim to keep track of one's nutritional status and perform essential ways in order for them to achieve a great and healthy lifestyle. 

There are numerous programs held regularly in the barangay.

Feeding Program

	When a child’s weight is below three standard deviations from the median weight-for-age, the child is said to be severely underweight, while if the weight is lower than two standard deviations from the growth standard but higher than three standard deviations, then the child is moderately underweight. 

	In the Philippines, about 6 to 8% of children under five were wasted, and about 2% were severely wasted. About a third of children under five in the Philippines have stunted growth, and a fifth is underweight. Just like across the world, in the Philippines, the share of children under five who had stunted growth and those underweight, have been decreasing. (J. Albert, 2015)

	Conducting a feeding program yearly aims to reduce hunger, aid in development of children, improve nutritional status and effectively promote good health. 

Operation Timbang

	The Barangay Nutrition Scholar (BNS) Program is a human resource development strategy of the Philippine Plan of Action for Nutrition, which involves the recruitment, training, deployment and supervision of volunteer workers or barangay nutrition scholars (BNS). Children of age 1 are weighed every month and children of ages 2 to 6 are weighed every quarter.

	The barangay highly encourages parents or guardians to assess the weight of their children regularly by joining the Operation Timbang program. Nutritional information is gathered which is then used to identify and quantify underweight and overweight children in the barangay. Generated records make it easier to monitor children's health concerns and the approriate nutrition services to be provided for those whose weights fall below normal. Results also serves as an assessment of the effectiveness of nutritional programs.
	
Vitamin A 

	Vitamin A is essential for boosting the immune system and healthy growth development of children. Lack of it can put a child at greater risk of disease and early death and is also the leading cause of preventable child blindness. As a solution, a program was implemented by the barangay that aims to fuel Vitamin A consumption. Children are given Vitamin A supplements yearly.

De-worming 

	Over 800 million children are at risk of infection from parasitic worms known as soil-transmitted helminths and schistosomes. Children mostly acquire soil-transmitted helminth infections caused by a group of parasites commonly referred to as worms. Worm infestations can lead to serious health problems and can hinder a child's ability to perform well in school. De-worming tablets are distributed to children in grade school biannually.

Gift Giving  

	On the month of December, people tend to lose their Christmas Spirit. In order to help people feel warmth and glow in our hearts during Christmas, the barangay shares gifts especially to children. This has become a yearly program held within the barangay.

Free Eye Check-up 

	With the help of chosen optometrists, a free eye check-up is conducted every summer to help monitor one's eye health, detect possible eye problems and even give recommendations to aid the problem immediately and prevent it from getting worse. 

Other programs include: 

Free Maintenance of High Blood Pressure

Anti-flu Vaccination for Senior
 
We believe that focusing on having a healthy life is the best way of gaining a happy life.
